docs: improve integration and payload docs (#33)
noble-assets/orbiter: docs/payload.md

transaction will be reverted.

### Fee

Is it possible to specify fee payments as a single action by using the
[`FeeAttributes`](https://github.com/noble-assets/orbiter/blob/main/types/controller/action/fee.pb.go#L26-L31).
A single fee is defined by:

- `Recipient`: A Noble address which will receive the fee.
- `BasisPoints (BPS)`: A number between 0 and 10000 which defines the percentage of the transferred
  amount that has to be paid as a fee. The fee amount will be defined as
  $fee = amount \cdot \frac{BPS}{10000}$

## Forwarding

A
[`Forwarding`](https://github.com/noble-assets/orbiter/blob/main/proto/noble/orbiter/core/v1/orbiter.proto#L35-L55)
is an operation defined as a combination of:

1. A bridge protocol
   [identifier](https://github.com/noble-assets/orbiter/blob/main/proto/noble/orbiter/core/v1/id.proto#L26-L44).
2. Attributes required to operate via the bridge protocol.
3. A pass-through payload to forward with the outgoing transfer protocol.

The attributes field is defined as an `Any` type implementing the
[`ForwardingAttributes`](https://github.com/noble-assets/orbiter/blob/main/types/core/attributes.go#L33-L39)

> Based on the bridge protocol, the following conditions may result from the execution of an orbit:

Author: ```suggestion
Based on the bridge protocol, the following conditions may result from the forwarding execution:
```

- Synchronous protocols: Protocols like CCTP and Hyperlane follow a commit-and-forget style. In this
  case, once the associated server informs the Orbiter that the bridge request has been stored to

>   state, the Orbiter execution is complete. If the server returns an error, the entire tx will be
>   marked as unsuccessful.

Author: nit: haven't used abbreviations in the rest of the doc so we shouldn't start here

```suggestion
  state, the Orbiter execution is complete. If the server returns an error, the entire transaction will be
  marked as unsuccessful.
```

- Asynchronous protocol: Protocols like IBC are asynchronous in nature, and for this reason
  book-keeping of in-flight packets is required in the module.

### CCTP

The CCTP information required to perform a CCTP forwarding are defined in the
[`CCTPAttributes`](https://github.com/noble-assets/orbiter/blob/main/proto/noble/orbiter/controller/forwarding/v1/cctp.proto#L9-L26)

> The mint recipient and the destination caller are 32 bytes addresses. Notice that the denom is not

Author: ```suggestion
The mint recipient and the destination caller are 32 byte addresses. Notice, that the denom is not
```

specified in the attributes. This is because the denom used is the same sent to the Orbiter module,

> or the result of the actions specified. The denom that the module can forward via CCTP are those

Author: should be either both multiples or both singular

```suggestion
or the result of the specified actions. The denoms that the module can forward via CCTP are those
```
